Actually I'm not.
Take over, if you have nothing to do, let the team go to work.
I'll finish cooking the noodles for you.
People who stand tall are often eating.
Someone has been sent here. He found out my birth ID.
Not yet.
But I am facing breakfast. I'm worried about being able to eat.
If you don’t fight, I suggest you,
But you start eating, don't eat early.
I force you to wake up and eat breakfast without breakfast.
When will it be your turn to take care of my business?
sorry.
Send someone to protect me and not let anyone from Li Changhe come near.
What trouble does Fuguo have?
Will not spare anyone
Please come to the president
I can't guide myself
The blessings of the country are endless
You seem to be
Don't let them know you're promoting me
Is this the most popular one with many kingdoms? I think
Everyone will be in front now
That's it
Or the beginning
Didn't you tell me something just now?
I forgot now
don't let them here
They don’t even advertise that I’m going there
Is this the most popular one with many kingdoms?
What job do I want to find?
so suddenly
For example, you are
It doesn't matter if you go prepared
I can keep it
Men and women alike
man's truth
Then am I not a noob for dinner?
What are your thoughts?
Times are different now
You're not just here to pick up the male lead and lead the female lead inside.
Didn't you take good care of me?
I can't mention it
There are so many calculations
You seem to get along well
What nonsense are you talking about?
You are ready to support me
Then I can make you drink until you feel comfortable and make you roll your eyes.
Then you can't just eat rice.
You have to work hard, just say oh well.
It's up to you
Do you want this job?
Just work
Don't call me
I'm about to eat my head of white flour.
Can't think of anything else to eat